README.md, before:

# cs111F2015

This repository contains the LaTeX and HTML source code for the laboratory and practical assignments, course review
slides, study guides, and the syllabus for Computer Science 111, Fall 2015.  Taught by [Gregory M.
Kapfhammer](http://www.cs.allegheny.edu/sites/gkapfham) in the [Department of Computer
Science](http://www.cs.allegheny.edu) at [Allegheny College](http://www.allegheny.edu), the course has the following
description:

> An introduction to the principles of computer science with an emphasis on algorithmic problem solving and the
> realization of algorithms using a modern object-oriented programming language. Topics include algorithms, problem
> solving, programming, classes, primitive data types and objects, control structures, arrays and vectors, principles of
> object-oriented design and programming, and an introduction to graphics and graphical user interfaces. The course also
> includes an overview of the discipline of computer science and a study of the social implications of computer use. May
> serve as the laboratory course in the Natural Science Division's distribution requirement. One laboratory per week.
> Prerequisite: Knowledge of elementary algebra.

The source code of the LaTeX documents uses a custom LaTeX style file and several other packages that are
normally standard with a modern LaTeX distribution such a TeXLive 2015. All of the slides are programmed with the
[reveal.js](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js/) framework.

You are invited to use this repository as a means for learning more about instruction in an introductory computer
science course. If you find this repository useful, could I trouble you to star it and then acknowledge it in your own
teaching efforts?

You can type the following command if you want to clone this repository:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/gkapfham/cs111F2015.git
```

Then, if you want to compile the LaTeX document to a PDF, you should type the following commands. In this example, I
show how to compile the syllabus for the course.

```shell
cd cs111F2015
cd syllabus
pdflatex cs111F2015_syllabus.tex
```

Please note that the LaTeX documents have been compiled on an Ubuntu 15.04 workstation running a very recent version of
LaTeX that was manually installed using the TeXLive installer.  It is also worth noting that you can also compile the
documents using other LaTeX development tools, such as `latexmk`. If you are unable to compile the LaTeX with your
development tools and your execution environment, then please open a new issue and I will attempt to resolve your
concerns.

Additionally, the HTML slides are displayed on modern Web browsers that run on the Ubuntu and Android operating systems.
If the HTML slides do not correctly display on your Web browser, then I also encourage you to open and issue that I will
attempt to handle.

Commit message:

Updating the README to show how to view the slides. Revising the concluding content.

README.md, after:

# Computer Science 111, Fall 2015

This repository contains the LaTeX and HTML source code for the laboratory and practical assignments, course review
slides, study guides, and the syllabus for Computer Science 111, Fall 2015.  Taught by [Gregory M.
Kapfhammer](http://www.cs.allegheny.edu/sites/gkapfham) in the [Department of Computer
Science](http://www.cs.allegheny.edu) at [Allegheny College](http://www.allegheny.edu), the course has the following
description:

> An introduction to the principles of computer science with an emphasis on algorithmic problem solving and the
> realization of algorithms using a modern object-oriented programming language. Topics include algorithms, problem
> solving, programming, classes, primitive data types and objects, control structures, arrays and vectors, principles of
> object-oriented design and programming, and an introduction to graphics and graphical user interfaces. The course also
> includes an overview of the discipline of computer science and a study of the social implications of computer use. May
> serve as the laboratory course in the Natural Science Division's distribution requirement. One laboratory per week.
> Prerequisite: Knowledge of elementary algebra.

The source code of the LaTeX documents uses a custom LaTeX style file and several other packages that are normally
standard with a modern LaTeX distribution such a TeXLive 2015. All of the slides are programmed with the
[reveal.js](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js/) framework. The background images in the slides were all collected
from the [Flickr Creative Commons](https://www.flickr.com/creativecommons/) through the use of the
[cogdog/flickr-cc-helper](https://github.com/cogdog/flickr-cc-helper).

You are invited to use this repository as a means for learning more about instruction in an introductory computer
science course. If you find this repository useful, could I trouble you to star it and then acknowledge it in your own
teaching efforts?

You can type the following command if you want to clone this repository:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/gkapfham/cs111F2015.git
```

Then, if you want to compile the LaTeX document to a PDF, you should type the following commands. In this example, I
show how to compile the syllabus for the course.

```shell
cd cs111F2015
cd syllabus
pdflatex cs111F2015_syllabus.tex
```

If you want to view the slides, then you should type the following commands. In this example, I show how to view the
slides for the first chapter of the textbook.

```shell
cd cs111F2015
cd slides
chromium-browser cs111_chapter1.html
```

Please note that the LaTeX documents have been compiled on an Ubuntu 15.04 workstation running a very recent version of
LaTeX that was manually installed using the TeXLive installer.  It is also worth noting that you can also compile the
documents using other LaTeX development tools, such as `latexmk`. If you are unable to compile the LaTeX source code
with your development tools and your execution environment, then please open a new issue and I will attempt to resolve
your concerns.

Additionally, the HTML slides are displayed on modern Web browsers that run on the Ubuntu and Android operating systems.
If the HTML slides do not correctly display on your Web browser, then I also encourage you to open an issue that I will
attempt to handle.
